All right, so
let's get started with the final exercise.
So if you go to Exercise 8, you're
going to be seeing a lot more things.
You're gonna see that clock that
we showed there and that timer,
basically the complete app.
But what we want to do is we want to
spawn a new timer on the add action.
So we have this form over here
where you could enter, for
example, number of seconds such as 31.
And pressing play should
create a new actor and
show that timer over there.
Again, if you want to review what
this is supposed to look like,
you could go to the complete app.
Press play, we could add a timer,
make this 11 seconds, and
we can also switch back and
forth between these two timers.
And so these timers each
have their own behavior, and
they don't affect one another.
So their state is local and private.
And so we could also delete these,
and then that takes us back here.
So yeah, play around with the complete
app to see how this is supposed to work.
But we're going to be
invoking that timer machine.
So just to show you where things are,
if we go to the README
[COUGH] in timerAppMachine.
Over here is where you're going to be
spawning a new timer machine by using
the createTimerMachine function.
By the way, this is a typical
pattern that I'd like to use,
where if I need a machine whose
behavior is only determined at runtime,
such as creating a timer
with a dynamic duration,
then I create a function
that creates a machine.
And that's simpler than
having to just specify
machines with context or things like that.
So that's a pattern I like doing.
You could do it a different way, but it's
basically going to take that duration and
put it right here in the context.
So yeah, spawn a new timer machine here,
and then we're going
to update context.timers to
contain that appended spawn timer.
And also we're going to change
context.currentTimer to reflect
the index of that spawned timer.